First entry for gsoc-jorge (#24)
poliastro/poliastro.github.io: content/articles/2019-05-10-poliastro-gsoc-jorge.md

Title: GSOC-19 starts! 
Date: 2019-05-10 11:00
Category: GSCO19
Tags: GSOC19, poliastro

> slug:_ 2019-05-10-poliastro-gsoc-jorge

Reviewer: Extra underscore?

lang: en
Author: Jorge Martínez Garrido

## From my first pull request to GSOC student

Hi, my name is Jorge and I am one of the selected students for this GSOC
edition at poliastro under the OpenAstronomy organization. I started working
on poliastro project after Juanlu came to my
university to give a talk about Open Source software in engineering. 

I decided to improve API Docs, which gave me an overview on how poliastro was

> build and how the different modules talked among between them. I had no idea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built and how the different modules talked among them. I had no idea
```

on how Git and GitHub worked and therefore, when finished with the docs my

> first pull request was wuite massive...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first pull request was massive...
```

> But after that I started feeling more confortable with GitHub_ and sphinx, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But after that I started feeling more confortable with GitHub and Sphinx, the
```

tool used nowadays in poliastro for building documentation. Then, I decided to
work on a porkchop plotter.

I spent the week after taking my final exams with the porkchop plotter. Reading
lots of blogs, posts and others on how to plot contours in Python, vectorize
functions... But finally, I was able to code the plotting utility and it was
included in poliastro.

## GSOC acceptance and first ideas

After being accepted at GSOC I have received a lot of emails, comming either
from Google, OpenAstronomy and poliastro. We need to regulary meet our tutors
or at least be in contact with them, so everyone knows how things are evolving.

Yesterday I talked with Juanlu about the main goals for this Summer of Code.
My objective during the first weeks of coding phase will be the development of
a propagation algorithm capable of working with all possible orbits, no matter
their eccentricity.

This would be amazing, since no integrators would be needed for near parabolic
orbits where numerical methods start failing. The algorithm that we expect to
solve for this is the one developed by Gauss.

## My plans for this summer

> GSOC stippend is one of the main attractives for students when working in Open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GSOC stipend is one of the main attractions for students when working in Open
```
